Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? the client was the gaming room draw it or loose it application. they wanted to design a game where there would be teams and the users would guess what picture was being rendered they had 30 seconds to guess and then if they didn't get it the other team would have 15 seconds to guess 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I think I am definetyly better a desinging UML diagrams. Seems like it was my strongest part of the paper where I didn't loose credit.
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? the uml diagrams were definetly the most helpful when developing code. Its something that I learned in this class that i will carry through to other classes in the future.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I recieved D in most of it so I would definetly reread all the material and revised the whole thing I thought i understood the material but now that i saw my grad i would deffinetly go back and redo the whole thing.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? Understanding the needs is the most important part of the software design. Not understanding their needs will lead to using recouces they dont need and causeing the project to go overbudget. Plus in this case its a good decistion to used cloud based rather than traditional. Traditional would put undo stress and cost to this application.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? Definetly using UML diagrams would be the best approach for me. showing the methods and variables in the program and where they are in the classes. It helped me alot in understanding the program better. 
